once again hello dear friends this is
going into number 69 we're getting close
to a hundred dear birds I thought if
first of all a little news I've started
a new website some of the old material
but you might want to take a look at it
and also you might want to email your
friends to take a peek there's a lot of
interesting stuff figure you could spend
the whole day with it it's just very
simple it's Burt Goldman calm and you'll
have three of my well more than three a
few different things on there the line
boxes on there Quantum Jumping is on
there and then the new super mind is on
there as well that's for those of you
who are interested in some of my
products some of the things they are for
sale and there's also a great many
things there that are are free as you
know I liked I like to give you as much
free material material at no charge as
is this dear Burt after all this is that
we're nearing number 70 next week we'll
be number 70 that's about seven hundred
minutes of material that's quite a lot
of ten twelve hours of material another
question I'd like to ask all of you
before we get into something something
different here would any of you be
interested in a program for teenagers 14
15 16 year-old something that will help
them in school and something that will
help them in life as well and something
that they will be interested in not just
dry material but things that are suited
and slanted toward the teenager so let
me know if you're interested in
something like that okay this time we're
going to do something a little different
although we're still on the angels you
know there's so much interest on angels
this is the third dear birth that's
pretty much devoted to angels but we're
going to do a little differently this
for those of you who haven't seen your
angel let's see if we could do it
through a meditation so this one is
gonna be a meditation now I realize this
is a video and I'm gonna ask you to
close your eyes so a video man I gotta
close my eyes yeah because it's as
though I were in your home and directing
you into a meditation now we don't have
that much time so it's not going to be a
15 or a 20 minute meditation obviously
it's what I call the speed meditation so
just go along with me keep your eyes
closed listen to what I say and just go
along with whatever I say you know
whatever I say is gonna be for your
benefit what I'm going to do is have you
imagine that you're in front of a
doorway in a small hallway and that when
you open the door your angel will be
there waiting for you you'll ask your
angel what the Angels name is now you
may already know and then ask your angel
for some help to watch over you and does
your angel have any advice and just keep
your eyes closed and clear your mind for
a moment in other words think of nothing
but your angel you can't think of
nothing so think of your angel and just
allow any thoughts to come in now there
will be positive thoughts only because
you have a positive angel all angels are
positive as is your angel supposed to be
very quick and let's see if some of you
can come up with some interesting things
I do myself every now and again I talk
to my angel can I get some well a lot of
the material that I offer that's where
it comes from now you might say well how
does Quantum Jumping come into this well
it fits perfectly if you think about it
okay so here we go you're ready
make yourself comfortable and at this
time close your eyes take a deep breath
and while you exhale mentally repeat and
visualize the number 3 3 times 3 3 3
just like that
take another deep breath and as you
exhale mentally repeat and visualize the
number 2 3 times take another deep
breath and as you exhale mentally repeat
and visualize the number 1 3 times
relax you now are at a more relaxed more
comfortable state of mind so just relax
your mind and imagine that you're in a
hallway and in front of you is a door
the doors closed you're standing in
front of the doorway you're in charge
you're in control of this doorway on the
other side of the door is an angel your
angel waiting for you to open the door
because your angel is always there but
some of us closed doors on our angels
but you're not going to do that now
now you're going to allow the door to
open I'm going to count from 1 2 3 and
at the count of three the door will
slowly open and on the other side of the
door will be your angel your angel may
be a person maybe an angelic being they
have wings may just be a light but it
will be an entity there to help you your
angel 1 the doors beginning to open two
doors opening three
the door is open there in front of you
is your angel ask your angel the Angels
name
now you may smile and now the angel has
something for you the angel is someone
to watch over you always the angel may
have a few words of encouragement a few
words of advice I'm going to count from
1 to 3 once again and that I'll be
silent for a bit while the angel gives
you words of encouragement 1 2 3
but the angel begin
relax
and now bid your angel farewell for the
time being
smile and now the door is closing
the door is closed relax I'm going to
count from 1 to 3 and it to count the
three your eyes will open you'll be wide
awake energized and fully relaxed
feeling better than before one two three
ice open wide away I hope that will be
of some help to you now you can you have
this video available to you at any time
and it was of course like I said a speed
meditation but that does not make it any
less effective it is and will be
effective so use it often well I hope
that this dear bird has been of help to
some of you I would like your comments
do take a peek at the new website and
give me I know I'd love to hear what you
think of it be a critic let me know
thank you very much have a good day a
good week a wonderful month and a
brilliant 2011 see you next week Brett
goldman saying farewell for now